So do you want to bring me one?
I go to sophie
What are you doing here?
It's not like I should have left here. Why?
Are you not happy?
Is there something wrong with your brain?
I suggest you see a doctor.
I finally ran out like this
You're running back now
What do you mean?
Anyway, I am the third leader of the cavalry army
One more, not much.
I'm a lot less
Aren't there more and better options?
Can't you leave Rakshasa?
With your strength and appearance
Except for the Rakshasa Kingdom
You can live a happier and more nourished life anywhere
But there is no you outside the Rakshasa Kingdom.
I think there is a lot of misunderstanding between us.
Don't you want to clear up these misunderstandings with me?
Lift what?
Lift you leave now
It's too late before it's discovered
I was caught by a chick
Oh my god, you're so happy you got caught
Are you sure you're awake now?
You are so annoying
This foot is on me and I can go wherever I want
I just want to do something big with you
Big business, that's the business of licking blood on the tip of the knife
I'm not afraid if I accidentally lose my head
I would have died
You gave me a lot of time.
It makes sense for me to use it on you.
You are reasonable, I don't want to?
Don't you understand?
In my eyes, you are a drag
I don't want to take care of a huge baby like you
What are you?
Do you have the brain to think about it?
What else can you do but be impulsive and reckless?
Do you know what Chaotao calculation is?
I won't take you to do anything
If you leave now, pretend I haven't seen you, Ma Liang
You are going too far.